A person close to me is returning from my trip. Do I also have to place myself in self-isolation?
After contracting COVID-19 and recovering, Is it still possible to infect other people?
After how long the symptoms start to appear 
After my 14 days in quarantine
After symptoms disappear, how long does a person stay contagious?
Ages at risk
Allo
Am I at risk
Am I going to be sick?
Am I going to die.
Am I gonna die
Am I immune for a long time after being infected and healed?
Am I safe if I stay at home
Am I safe?
Anything else?question
Are COVID-19 Symptoms Different in Children and Adults
Are adolescents at risk of developing complications?
Are bats the animal source of coronavirus
Are children immune to the virus that causes COVID-19
Are covid-19 outcomes worse for those who are infected and suffer from asthma? 
Are diabetics more at risk than others? 
Are flights still possible between Montreal and Paris?
Are grocery stores going to have to close like restaurants?
Are headaches a symptom?
Are healthcare workers exposed to a new coronavirus?
Are hot or cold regions more at risk?
Are masks efficient to prevent the one wearing from getting infected? What about infecting others?
Are people infected and then cured immunized against the virus?
Are research fundings going to be cut as a result of the virus?
Are the hardware stores open in Montreal?
Are there any cases near me?
Are there confirmed cases in my neighborhood 
Are there dangers for pregnant women?
Are there going to be ministry exams in secondary 4?
Are there healthy carriers, ie those who carry the virus without having symptoms?
Are there rarer symptoms of corona virus?
Are traditional disinfectants, such as Lysol and disinfectant wipes, effective in killing COVID-19
Are vaccines being tested? It seems it's early
Are we all going to die?
Are we contagious if we don't have symptoms
Are we going to have trouble buying milk? 
Are we going to limit the number of items per person at the grocery store to prevent them from running out?
Are we immune if we catch covid-19?
Are we immune to Covid-19 if we have already caught it?
Are we in a period of community transmission?
Are you intelligent
Are you real person
Are you sick?
Are young people susceptible to corona virus?
As I am diabetic will I die?
As a foreign student, will health insurance cover expenses in the event of illness?
As of today, can we gather only 2
At what temperature does the virus survive?
At what temperature should we be worried about fever?
C dangerous for someone hasmatic
COVID-19 stands for what?
Can Antibiotics Be Used To Treat COVID-19
Can COVID-19 live on objects? 
Can I Travel? 
Can I be contagious even if I don't have symptoms? 
Can I be tested at auto service?
Can I breastfeed my baby if I have covid 19? 
Can I bring the neighbors into my house?
Can I catch covid19 a second time
Can I catch the virus if my mail carrier is contaminated and it puts mail in my mailbox?
Can I catch the virus?
Can I continue to take walks with friends?
Can I die? 
Can I eat banana?
Can I get Ovid 19 if someone pets my dog ​​and then I pet her? 
Can I get coronavirus by eating food that is manipulated or prepared by others
Can I get infected after I healed from it?
Can I get infected from food or grocery delivery?
Can I get out of my house?
Can I get tested even if I haven't traveled recently? 
Can I get the virus by talking on the phone?
Can I get the virus from a stray cat?
Can I go and bring food to a quarantined person?
Can I go for a run? Does running / exercise compromise my immune system?
Can I go for a walk
Can I go for a walk? 
Can I go for walking! 
Can I go get tested for COVID?
Can I go jogging during the period of voluntary isolation? 
Can I go out for a walk if I have a fever?
Can I go out if my family member who lives with me has coronavirus? 
Can I go outside?
Can I go to the grocery store if I am 70 years old?
Can I go walking outside?
Can I have dinner with friends?
Can I have sex with a stranger?
Can I have the Covid 19 once?
Can I infect someone if I don't have symptoms?
Can I invite friends over for dinner?
Can I isolate myself voluntarily and be paid?
Can I keep going doing my sport outside? 
Can I receive COVID-19 following a blood transfusion
Can I refuse to go to work because of the virus?
Can I run outside
Can I stay on my balcony?
Can I still see my friends?
Can I transmit covid 19 if I have already had it? 
Can I transmit the virus by thought?
Can I travel?
Can I visit my family? 
Can I visit my parents at home?
Can I visit my parents?
Can a 5 year old get Coronavirus?
Can a simple sore throat be associated with COVID-19?
Can a student like me be paid to visit the elderly and be paid?  
Can an asymptomatic patient with Covid 19 be contagious after 14 days of quarantine?
Can animals (wild or domestic) contract the virus?
Can animals transmit COVID-19?
Can animals transmit the virus?
Can cats transmit the virus?
Can coronaviruses be transmitted from person to person
Can dogs, cats catch and transmit the virus?
Can drinking alcohol helps COVID19? 
Can hot or cold temperatures kill the virus?
Can humans be infected with a new animal-derived coronavirus
Can humans get the new coronavirus from cats and dogs
Can i infect my pet with corona
Can ibuprofen be taken to treat the symptoms of COVID-19
Can it survives on food?
Can my cat catch the Covid?
Can my cat get the virus?
Can my cat or dog catch covid-19?
Can my cat transmit the virus?
Can my dog ​​carry the virus and give it to us? If so
Can my morning newspaper carry the virus if the delivery man is a carrier?
Can my pet infect me with the virus that causes COVID-19
Can my pharmacist screen me? 
Can people 70 and over go to the grocery store and pharmacy?
Can quarantine last until Era
Can rubbing alcohol replace Purel type gels?
Can self-medication help overcome the disease? 
Can soap keep the COVID-19 virus on the surface?
Can someone who has had a coronavirus get infected again
Can the Covid survive in the air?
Can the virus mutate? If so, what are the consequences of the mutation?
Can unpackaged vegetables and fruits in grocery stores be a source of spread of the virus? What steps should we take if we buy them?
Can we be contagious when we don't show symptoms?
Can we be infected more than once with COVID-19?
Can we contract covid-19 several times?
Can we do a quarantine rather than a screening?
Can we eat raw vegetables and fruits?
Can we emphasize that by increasing the number of tests, we should expect an increase in positive cases. 
Can we get tested after having symptoms?
Can we go running or is it better to stay at home?
Can we have COVID-19 2 times? 
Can we still be a carrier of COVID-19 if we have had it and we have been cured?
Can we visit a newborn
Can we wash fruits and vegetables with water only?
Can you catch covid 19 after having had it before 
Can you catch the virus by eating fruit bought at the grocery store?
Can you describe the difference between dry cough and fatty cough
Can you die from contracting covid?
Can you drink alcohol during Covid?
Can you get be infected more than once? 
Can you have COVID-19 without having a fever
Can you have corvida-19 without having all the symptoms?
Can you see friends if you stick to the social distancing guidelines?
Can you smoke cannabis during Covid?
Can you tell me where is the nearest test point?
Can you transmit the virus without being sick?
Chloroquine treats COVID19?
Comparison coronavirus and flu
Corona virus characteristics
Could a mutation in Covid-99 delay the arrival of a vaccine?
Could everyone be tested even without symptoms?
Could teachers be taken to help in daycares?
Could we give by region the number of hospitalizations linked to Covid-19 in intensive care and curative care compared to the number of positive tested at home?
Could we reach a situation like in Italy?
Could you answer the questions of the health workers?
Covid
Covid19
Covid?
Cual es la diferencia entre vacuna, tratamiento y cura del COVID-19
Death rate 
Define covid 18
Do I have the right to go out in public places?
Do I have the virus?
Do I have to declare my state of health confidentially? 
Do I have to wash all my purchases at the grocery store?
Do I have to wash my groceries and my errands once at home?
Do I have to wear a face mask to protect myself from coronaviruses?
Do I have to wear a mask to get out of my house? 
Do I have to wear gloves and mask?
Do I need a mask?
Do I need to be quarantined from my family in my home
Do I need to be seen by a doctor
Do I need to get tested?
Do I need to get the flu shot to protect myself from the coronavirus?
Do I need to wear a mask? I heard it's worse if you touch your face
Do I need to wear mask?
Do animals also carry the virus?
Do family containment?
Do people develop immunity to coronaviruses
Do sinusrinse treatments help prevention?
Do we have a vaccine for Coronavirus?
Do we have any idea how long public / private places (ex: CrossFit gyms)
Do we have any idea how soon public / private places (ex: Crossfit gyms, stores) will reopen? directives of course. 
Do we have migraines as symptoms of COVID-19, please?
Do we have the right to visit someone at their home? Being two or three people together for dinner?
Do we need to take showers more often?
Do you have IT specialists on COVID-19
Do you have a recipe for Portuguese pancakes?
Do you have a sore throat?
Do you have any information to pass on to foreign workers (in Spanish)
Do you have muscle pain that prevents you from moving?
Do you need an appointment?
Doeas the software is automatic in English because I use an English device? If I ask in French the answer will be in French?
Does COVID 19 cause stomach issues
Does COVID-19 spread by means of gametes?
Does Covid 19 stay in the air and how long ????
Does a throat feel itchy or really sore and a symptom 
Does an infection like a conjunctiva, a stye or a chalazion have a link with COVID-19?
Does blood type influence the ability of the virus to infect a person?
Does covid transfer through air?
Does covid-19 spread in tropical conditions?
Does covid-19 survive in the cold?
Does drinking water frequently really help to keep the virus from getting in your throat%
Does everyone infected need a respirator?
Does everyone that contracts the virus show symptoms? Or will only certain people show symptoms?
Does it give diarrhea?
Does my employer have to pay me during the isolation?
Does putting on a mask protect me well from the virus? 
Does soap really kill the virus?
Does temperature has any effect on the virus
Does the Coronavirus go to the wash? 
Does the Coved-19 have a movement speed (mobility per se) per se on a surface?
Does the amount of virus one is exposed to change the severity of the symptoms?
Does the coronavirus survive when an infected person dies?
Does the government plan to decontaminate people with jets as we have seen in Asia?
Does the government provide financial assistance for the self-employed?
Does the virus affect people with asthma more?
Does the virus get caught by the skin?
Does the virus get milder due to coevolution?
Does the virus live on raw fruits and vegetables 
Does the virus make your stomach ache?
Does the virus really survive for several hours on the asphalt?
Does the virus spread by rain?
Does the virus survive the cold?
Does wearing gloves protect me?
Duration of confinement
Duration of symptoms 
Duration of the pandemic
Emergency sms should be used by our leaders.
Even if he lives for several hours on a surface, is he as strong after 1 hour as after 1 minute.
For how long COVID19 can stay alive on different surfaces?
For how long will the containment be in place?
Forget it
From the infected worldwide population what is the ratio that will need medical attention (eg. ICU or ventilators)?
From the infected worldwide population what will be the ratio of asymptomatic people
From what temperature should we go to the emergency room?
Fwfegebrbrbtbtbtj
Get I get infected from a dog?
Given that the mild symptoms for COVID-19 may resemble the common cold, at what point in the expression of symptoms should you attempt to get tested for the virus? 
Go nuance!
Has community transmission started?
Has the virus evolved
Have you had any contact with someone who has returned from abroad?
Hello
Hello,
Hello, I have a sore throat and I am very tired but I don't have a fever, should I get tested? 
Hello, can I meet with friends?
Hello, how are you?
Hello, how long does the virus stay on a surface like a plastic wrap, a door handle, a car steering wheel, in the air?
Hello, what happens after corona?
Hey
How Can I get answer for my questions ??
How Covid-19 started?
How are you
How are you 
How are you?
How can I be infected
How can I do my food shopping safely? 
How can I get help?
How can I get tested if I'm asymptomatic?
How can I get tested?
How can I make the difference between a cold and covid19?
How can I prevent the virus from contracting
How can I protect my child from COVID-19 infection
How can I protect myself 
How can I protect myself from obtaining COVID-19
How can I protect myself from the covid-19?
How can I protect myself when I am caring for someone who may have COVID-19
How can I protect myself?
How can we cure covid-19?
How can you get covid19?
How contagious is covid 19?
How contagious is the virus?
How dangerous is it for me?
How dangerous it is for pregnant womens?
How deadly is the virus?
How deadly is the virus? 
How do I distinguish between the flu and coronavirus?
How do I get to the hospital if I don't have a car?
How do I go grocery shopping? 
How do I know if I have COVID-19 or common flu
How do I treat coronavirus?
How do people get infected with Coronavirus?
How do we protect ourselves?
How do you catch the Covid-19?
How do you protect yourself from covid-19?
How does COVID-19 affect asymptomatic people's lungs? 
How does COVID-19 spread?
How does Covid-19 spread?
How does Facebook help find the vaccine?
How does coronavirus spread?
How does it die in asymptomatic people?
How does it spread?
How does it take to recover from the virus?
How effective is the new drug manufactured by Fujifilm Toyama Chemicals in treating COVID-19?
How far do I have to stay from other people to follow government instructions? 
How fast does it spread?
How is COVID spread? 
How is a person tested for COVID-19
How is it going to last?
How is it transmitted?
How is the corona virus being spread
How is the virus spread?
How is the virus transmitted? 
How it works?
How long
How long after the infection do the first symptoms develop?
How long am I contagious if I have covid-19?
How long am I contagious?
How long am I infectious for
How long are the symptoms?
How long are we contagious when we have COVID-19?
How long are we contagious?
How long are we going to be sick 
How long before it can be tested?
How long before symptoms appear?
How long before we are healed 
How long before we have a vaccine for corona? 
How long can coronavirus live on a surface in the open air? 
How long can the coronavirus that causes COVID-19 survive on surfaces
How long can the symptoms last? 
How long can the virus live on the skin?
How long can the virus live?
How long can the virus stay on a surface?
How long can the virus stay on the hair of animals?
How long can the virus survive depending on the type of surface?
How long can we keep a protective mask?
How long do we have?
How long do we need social distanciation for the virus to be less of a threat? 
How long do you expect these restrictive measures to last?
How long does Covid-19 last when contracted by a person?
How long does contamination by the virus last?
How long does it last once infected?
How long does it last? 
How long does it stays on fabric
How long does it take before the first symptoms can be detected?
How long does it take between when someone is exposed to the virus and when they start to show symptoms
How long does it take to recover?
How long does it take until a carrier of the virus can infect others?
How long does it takes to get first symptom of Covid-19 
How long does recovery take on average?
How long does the Coronavirus stay on clothes? 
How long does the virus live in my body if I catch it
How long does the virus live on surfaces
How long does the virus remain active and alive after attacking a human body?
How long does the virus remain on a surface?
How long does the virus remain on fruits and vegetables?
How long does the virus remain on surfaces, such as countertops etc?
How long does the virus stay active in the air?
How long does the virus stay active on smooth surfaces? 
How long does the virus stay airborne?
How long does the virus stay alive on a surface such as a metro bar?
How long does the virus stay in paper money and coins?
How long does the virus stay in the air?
How long does the virus stay on fruits and vegetables?
How long does the virus stay on our clothes?
How long does the virus stay on our hair?
How long does the virus stay on our skin?
How long does the virus stay on surfaces, clothes or food?
How long does the virus stay on surfaces?
How long does the virus survive on a dry surface? 
How long does the virus survive on a wet surface? 
How long does the virus survive on clothes? 
How long does the virus survive on different surfaces and in aerosol?
How long does the virus survive on glass 
How long does the virus survive on various surfaces?
How long does the virus survive outside the body?
How long does vitus live on surfaces? 
How long has the virus been active on different surfaces?
How long has the virus been spreading in Canada?
How long is incubation period? 
How long is the treatment?
How long on average does the person get healed?
How long should I stay at home if I have symptoms?
How long should I stay in confinement
How long should I stay in quarantine?
How long should a person in quarantine remain after being cured of covid-19?
How long until an infected person shows symptoms?
How long will I be sick if I get the virus
How long will an infected person be sick?
How long will containment last?
How long will it be necessary to stay at home?
How long will it last?
How long will it take before I get my results?
How long will it take before we can stop social distancing?
How long will it take for a vaccine to be produced?
How long will it take to develop a vaccine? 
How long will it take to get a vaccine?
How long will quarantine last 
How long will social distancing measures last?
How long will the COVID-19 epidemic last?
How long will the pandemic last if people follow the confinement rules?
How long will the pandemic last?
How long will we be confined?
How long will we have to stay inside?
How many Canadians currently have corona virus?
How many asymptomatic people are there likely to be?
How many case in montreal
How many cases are in the US?
How many cases are there currently in Quebec?
How many cases are there in the Mauricie region
How many cases are there in the us
How many cases are we in? 
How many cases in India
How many cases in Montreal
How many cases in Montreal 
How many cases in Montreal?
How many cases in Quebec 
How many cases in Quebec? 
How many cases in Terrebonne?
How many cases of coronavirus in Madagascar
How many cases of the coronavirus are there in Montreal?
How many covid cases are in Quebec?
How many covid-19 deaths in the past week
How many days can the virus live on surfaces?
How many days can you be contagious without showing symptoms?
How many days does it take to see the symptoms
How many days should I isolate for
How many days since Switzerland closed schools?
How many death in Quebec?
How many deaths from coronavirus in the past week
How many deaths in Canada because of COVID-19
How many deaths in the world today?
How many hours do I have to isolate?
How many infected person in south korea?
How many new cases are listed in Quebec today?
How many new cases of coronavirus were reported yesterday
How many new cases of covid-19 were reported yesterday
How many patients and how many deaths in Quebec? 
How many people are infected in Canada?
How many people are infected in Montreal? 
How many people are infected in Quebec?
How many people are infected in my region / in region X?
How many people died in Belgium?
How many people died in NYC
How many people died of covid-19 in Canada?
How many people have COVID-19
How many people have dies
How many people have it in my town?
How many questions do you want before being launched
How many tests are performed per day in Quebec?
How many tests are run per day in the US? 
How many times a day should I wash my hands?
How many young adults are being hospitalized? Like in percentage?
How mild are most cases
How much can the financial compensations related to the hours lost from work amount to?
How much longer will society need to socially isolate?
How often should i take my temperature?
How serious is COVID-19
How serious is COVID-19?
How should I keep my family safe during covid-19?
How to clean porous surfaces like handbags, backpacks, reusable grocery bags?
How to cure COVID? 
How to deal with disinfection of day to day use objects?
How to disinfect surfaces
How to distinguish the flu virus from Covid-19
How to get tested?
How to know if a covid-19 vaccine is likely to work
How to minimize the risk of spread?
How to prevent the spread of COVID-19?
How to prevent the transmission of the virus? 
How to protect my family from COVID-19?
How to protect myself on a plane
How to reduce the risk?
How to shop during pandemic times?
How to take care of infected people 
How to test the maximum of people?
How to treat me?
How to wash hands
How will covid-19 end?
How's the condition in Singapore?
How's the shortness of breath?
Huhu
I am 24 years old. What is my risk of having severe symptoms of the virus?
I am 43. What's the chance of my survival if I get covid. 
I am continuing ... should I place myself in voluntary isolation? 
I am feeling sick 
I am in isolation because I am back from France. Should my family also be in solitary confinement?
I am in self isolation. Is it ok to let in family members who must continue to go to work?
I am older and have a chronic medical condition, which puts me at a higher risk of becoming seriously ill or even dying from COVID-19. What can I do to reduce my risk of exposure to the virus
I am pregnant and I have follow-ups in the hospital. Can I be accompanied?
I am pregnant, do I have more risk?
I am taking a drug that suppresses my immune system. Should I stop taking it to make it less likely that I will get sick from coronavirus
I breathe badly, am I infected?
I can't leave my house, how can I get my food delivered?
I can't leave my house, how can I get my medication delivered
I cough
I cough and have a fever. Can I go to the emergency room?
I cough but I don't have a fever should I get tested?
I cough but I don't have a fever. Do I have covid-19?
I don't feel good 
I don't have a fever, can I still have coronavirus?
I feel I have fever, what should I do?
I feel a little sick, with fewer, must I go to the hospital?
I feel lonely from isolation.
I felt sick
I got the flu two weeks ago and are getting symptoms again
I had a fever two weeks ago is it possible that it is covid-19?
I had an asthma attack when I was young, but didn't have an episode for over 15 years. Am I still at risk? 
I have French friends, should I avoid going to them?
I have a bit of nausea and headache. Do i have covid-19?
I have a chronic illness which puts me at increased risk of contracting a serious illness from COVID-19, even though I am only in my thirties. What can I do to reduce my risk
I have a cold, I am afraid of presenting myself in a clinic
I have a dry cough. Should I be tested for COVID19?
I have a dry cough. What do I do?
I have a fever
I have a gastro, I am afraid of presenting myself in a clinic
I have a headache and an itchy throat. Am I at risk?
I have a headache. 
I have a heart condition, can I go to the emergency anyway?
I have a lot of stress regarding COVID-19
I have a sore throat without any other symptoms. Do I have to worry?
I have asthma. How at risk am I about the possibility of complications?
I have asthma. If I take COVID-19, am I more likely to get seriously ill
I have cough. Does that mean I might be infected?
I have diabetes am I at risk?
I have fever
I have fever 38 ° C. Is that corona virus symptoms?
I have fever, should I go out?
I have fever, what should I do?
I have gastroenteritis and have a fever, should I take a test
I have gastroenteritis if I go to the clinic, I'm afraid of getting the virus
I have headaches, am I sick?
I have just returned from an uninfected country, should I be in quarantine?
I have just returned from my trip, I was alone, should everyone Chaz avoid contact with me at all costs
I have pulmonary sarcoidosis, I'm more at risk if I ever catch covid 19
I have some symptoms, what should I do?
I have symptoms what do I do
I have symptoms, but I haven't traveled. Should I get tested?
I have symptoms, what should I do?
I have temperature, what should I do?
I have to go every week to have samples taken for close monitoring of my (cardiac) health. Do I have to go to the collection center as usual or are there new instructions?
I have to return home urgently, are the airports safe places?
I live in a condo building, can COVID circulate in the air through the units?
I live with an elderly person, what are the usual precautions for their toilet
I live with my children and my grandchildren. What can I do to reduce the risk of getting sick while caring for my grandchildren
I love you
I made love with a stranger is what I am at risk
I need to take a blood test. Is there a large risk for infection?
I take daily walks but keep a 6 ft distance when I talk to someone. Is that OK?
I was in contact with a person who had coronavirus, what should I do?
I wonder if it would be better to stop work for home isolation?
I work at complex g, am I at risk?
I would like to get COVID19 test, where can I get it?
I would like to see a map with the infected
I'm coming from a trip
I'm feeling dizzy with fever do I have corona? 
I'm pregnant and need to take blood tests next week. I have an appointment at the clinic, should I Go there or is it safer to postpone? 
I'm sick, I'm afraid to go see the doctor and catch the virus
If I am a nurse and have a cold, should I place myself in confinement
If I am laid off, will I be paid?
If I am negative on the screening test, can I visit my parents over 70?
If I am starting to breath heavily, should I get it checked out?
If I contract the virus, does wearing a mask prevent others getting infected?
If I cough what should I do? 
If I cough, is it covid-19?
If I cross someone on the street, how are the chance to catch the virus?
If I don't have a car but I should get tested, how to get to the testing center without risking contaminating someone 'a?
If I experience symptoms but they are manageable, should I still go to the hospital for testing?
If I follow the guidelines of universal protection against viruses, why should I isolate myself?
If I fully recover from COVID-19 would I still be considered a carrier and transmit the virus?
If I get sick with COVID-19, how long before I feel better
If I go outside and it sells very hard, is it that the virus can go in the wind or it goes deeper my clothes or my skin? 
If I got the virus and am cured, can I still spread the virus?
If I had the virus and I am cured of it, am I immunized?
If I have COVID-19 what are the symptoms that should cause me to go to the hospital?
If I have a cold as I do to distinguish it from Cobid19?
If I have a cold but don't have a fever, should I consult?
If I have a cold, can it be covid 19?
If I have a court hearing date with people over 70, will she have location?
If I have a sore throat, do I have the Covid-19?
If I have a temperature and cough what should I do
If I have a temperature and cough, what should I do?
If I have been in isolation for 10 days and my parents too, should we visit each other?
If I have covid-19, how long will I be contagious?
If I have flown in Canada, should I quarantine myself and call the covid line at the slightest symptom ? 
If I have flu like symptoms, at what point should I go to the hospital?
If I have injuries on my hands, am I more at risk of contracting the virus?
If I have lung disease and I am infected with covid-19, how long will it take before pass away?
If I have seen someone who has been in contact with someone who has tested positive for covid, that they are my chances of getting it? 
If I have symptoms where should I call?
If I have symptoms, should I isolate myself completely alone?
If I have the symptoms of a cold, can I just put myself in isolation without getting tested?
If I test negative, am I immune?
If I traveled from Vancouver to quebec city, do i need to quaratine?
If I wash my hands, can I protect myself from covid19?
If I'm sneezing, should I get tested for corona virus?
If a member of our contract family Covid-19 and lives alone, what should we do? will she have help? 
If a person comes to visit us and they move into a house, what should be monitored or checked to limit the risk of contagion? 
If a person contracts Covid-19 and they breastfeed, what should they do?
If a person coughs in front of me and I get droplets at the turn, what can I do?
If anyone is infected, was it contagious before having symptoms? How long before?
If infected, Should i just rest at home for 14 days and I'll be okay?
If man develops immunity to covid-19, how long does it last
If my daughter has been in contact with someone with covid-19, should I give up going to work for the time isolation?
If my partner returns from travel and quarantines for 14 days, should I do the same?
If my son if suppose to get tested tomorrow, but just starting to feel better. Can I cancel or should we still go?
If someone survived COVID-19? Is he completely virus-free?
If someone was infected once, can they be reinfected? Can they still carry the virus and infect others?
If we have covid-19, how long are we contagious?
If you recover from the virus, can you still be a carrier
If you start showing flu symptoms should you consult a doctor or stay home?
Impact of covid
Impacts of it
In addition my spouse is an airplane pilot and continues to carry out repatriation flights to London in England .... Should I also be in prolonged isolation when he returns! 
In parallel with covid-19 how many cases of influenza have killed people
Info santé 811 told us that he would call us for an appointment but they still don't have to do it to have a screening appointment 
Is COVID-19 deadly?
Is COVID-19 lethal?
Is COVID-19 sexually transmitted?
Is Covid-19 more contagious than influenza?
Is clearing your throat a disturbing symptom? 
Is corona virus in Nigeria? 
Is coronavirus a new virus?
Is covid very dangerous
Is covid-19 airborne?
Is covid-19 contagious?
Is covid-19 same as sars?
Is covid19 present in the air?
Is diarrhea really a harbinger of covid?
Is fever the first symptom or sore throat?
Is fever the main symptom for vivid-19
Is having a dry throat a symptom?
Is headache a symptom of covid-19?
Is it OK I go out for a walk alone?
Is it airborne 
Is it always advisable to go out for exercise?
Is it better to avoid taking a walk when there are a lot of people outside?
Is it dangerous for me? 
Is it dangerous to go for a walk?
Is it easy to get tested if we have the symptoms
Is it like regular flu?
Is it more likely to catch it because I live near a COVID testing center? 
Is it necessary to clean all the groceries brought home?
Is it ok to go outside to get fresh air?
Is it people around me at risk?
Is it possible to have Covid-19 if you only have one of the symptoms?
Is it possible to receive the screening test at home
Is it really worth doing these containment measures?
Is it safe to get a new job that deals with the public?
Is it safe to go outside for a walk (social distancing from others)?
Is it safe to handle delivered packages?
Is it safe to jog / run outside?
Is it safe to order food (take-out)?
Is it safe to order food during the COVID-19 pandemic?
Is it safe to take medicines like mezavant or salofak
Is it sexually transmissible?
Is it transmissible through anal sex?
Is it true that 75% of the population will be infected anyway? 
Is it true that COVID-19 can survive up to a few days on hard surfaces?
Is it true that gastrointestinal problems are also a symptom to be considered?
Is it true that the pandemic will ease during the summer? 
Is it true that warm kills Coronavirus?
Is it true that you can get the virus again even after you've recovered 
Is it useful to wear a mask?
Is itchy throat sign of covid 19
Is liquid soap better than bar soap for protection?
Is pregnant woman considered more at risk?
Is shortness of breath part of the symptoms? 
Is sitting on the seat of a public toilet dangerous?
Is sneezing a symptom?
Is sore throat a sign of COVID-19 infection?
Is sore throat a symptom of covid? 
Is sore throats a symptom 
Is stomach ache a symptom
Is the Asymptomatic Carrier a temporary status? 
Is the appointment made with you?
Is the cough dry or oily?
Is the cough still dry?
Is the phlegm color suggestive of coronavirus? 
Is the question, are you coming from travel still relevant? Messeble that the spread is beyond that?
Is the question: are you traveling, is
Is the severity of disease dependent on incubation period? 
Is the virus airborne 
Is the virus as virulent in countries near the equator? 
Is the virus dangerous?
Is the virus easier to catch than the common cold?
Is the virus infectious during incubation period?
Is the virus manufactured or naturally occurring? 
Is the virus transmissible from animals to humans?
Is the virus transmissible from humans to animals?
Is there a cure available? 
Is there a cure for corona virus?
Is there a cure for the disease?
Is there a remedy to cure faster or prevent covid-19?
Is there a toll-free number for people who live alone to ask for help?
Is there a treatment for corona virus?
Is there a vaccine against coronaviruses?
Is there a vaccine against the new coronavirus
Is there a vaccine currently being tested?
Is there a vaccine for COVID? 
Is there a vaccine for a new coronavirus
Is there a vaccine for corona virus?
Is there an estimate as to how long the crisis will last?
Is there an orientation for the personnel working in open area 
Is there antiviral therapy for COVID-19
Is there any possibility of infected corona virus second time?
Is there any possibility of infected corona virus twice (second time)?
Is there any treatment for covid 19?
Is there currently an effective drug against Covid-19?
Is there more than one strain of COVID-19?
Is there really a risk of contagion when I go grocery shopping?
Is there treatment for a new coronavirus
Is thyme essential oil useful?
Is total containment necessary for a person suffering from a respiratory disorder?
Is total containment necessary for people undergoing chemotherapy treatment?
Is total containment planned in Canada?
Is wearing a mask required for all? 
Is working outside and avoiding contact safe?
LP TEST question
LP test question
Lp test
Lp test 
Map of co vid cases in Montreal 
Medicen corona virus
Medicines or plants that help heal or prevent 
Mortality rate 
Mortality rate today
Must the fever-symptom related to COVID-19 be a continuous fever, or is it possible that the fever is short-lived?
My boyfriend experienced gastro intestinal symptoms and came from abroad, should he get tested?
My cat remains free from these movements, can he bring the virus home?
My daughter's spouse works in a hospital. Is it risky that she comes to visit us?
My husband comes back from a trip and lives with me. What should I do?
My immune system is very weak, can I still go grocery shopping?
My mother is over 70 years old and she lives alone. Can I go for a walk with her?
My neighbor is coming back from a trip, what should I do?
My parents are in quarantine and I live with them, do I have to go into quarantine too ?
My parents are old, can I visit them to help them?
My parents are older, which puts them more at risk for COVID-19, and they don't live nearby. How can i help them if they get sick
My partner went to Toronto last week, should he be in voluntary confinement? What about me?
My son is flying from Kansas to England on the 30th April. He is flying into Heathrow and then traveling home to Manchester by train
My spouse has symptoms. Should I get tested?
My spouse is a confirmed case, should I call immediately 1
My throat hurts what should I do?
My throat seems to burn a little. Should i be worried?
Need help
Nigeria Covid-19 stat
Number of cases in Quebec?
O que é o covid19?
Once cured, is it possible to catch up if contact with sick people?
Once the number of new cases has leveled off or decreased for how long will it be necessary to keep social distance?
One of the symptoms of COVID-19 is shortness of breath. What does that mean
Or can I get tested?
Or get tested
Origin of virus
PERU
Quebec cases
Quelkea are the complications of the disease?
Sdfhhhh
Should I accept packages from China
Should I be doing telework?
Should I be moving house during a pandemic?
Should I be prescribed hydroxychloroquine with azithromycin if I have it?
Should I go get tested if I have certain symptoms of seasonal flu?
Should I go out for a walk in the park everyday?
Should I go to the ER or my physician directly if I'm infected?
Should I go to the hospital if I have temperature?
Should I practice social distancing? 
Should I report the rallies I witness in my neighborhood? If so, how?
Should I stay home?
Should I stay quarantined?
Should I take the metro?
Should I use NSAIDs?
Should I use Sudafed?
Should I use asprin with I have the coronavirus?
Should I wash my hands every time I touch my phone?
Should I wash my hands with hot water to destroy the coronavirus? 
Should I wear a mask?
Should I wear gloves in public?
Should I wear mask
Should I wear one.
Should I work from home?
Should children wear masks to protect themselves from covid-19
Should he self isolate when he gets here even if he feels well?
Should we absolutely do the test if we have the symptoms? Or should we just stay at home in quarantine?
Should we be confined?
Should we fear a second wave of contagion if we end the means of containment too quickly?
Should we let a visitor into a house if we try to isolate ourselves?
Should we stay at home if we are a health worker and have only one symptom, sore throat ? 
Should we stop shared custody?
Should we wash the fruit and vegetable packaging brought back from the grocery store before storing them in our cupboards? 
Should we wear a mask if we have to go to the grocery store?
Should we wear a mask?
So I have been having a weird feeling around my throat / neck region my question is am I supposed to be worried or go get tested?
Sorry e. It's finish! Thank you
South korea
Suite,
Survival time by age 
Symptoms
Symptoms 
Tengo tos y dolor muscular que deberia hacer?
Test
Test 
Test2
Testing 
The flu kills more people than COVID-19, at least so far. Why are we so concerned about COVID-19? Shouldn't we be focusing more on preventing deaths from the flu
The incubation period is two weeks but what about the contagion period?
The incubation time is 14 or 20 days?
Then I get vaccinated against the virus 
To get an idea of ​​how widespread the virus is, why don't we simply test a random sample of people?
To use masks it's useful?
Until when are the surgeries canceled?
Updates
Use of zinc, or ciclesonide
WHat is your name
We are a family of four whose members returned from abroad on different days
We have a family sugar shack. Can we keep going?
We hear that the spread will decrease in the summer but that it will resume and that there will be a second peak in the fall. What about
Wear a mask for groceries?
Wear gloves for groceries?
Were there documented cases before January 2020?
What COVID-19 stands for?
What If I returned from international travel a day before the advisory came into effect?
What about the researches with respect to treatment of COVID-19
What actions can I take to help companies get out of the crisis?
What are 5 foods to keep your immune system strong
What are 5 ways to keep your immune system healthy
What are 8 best fruits to boost your immune system
What are Dialogue services?
What are are my chances of dying if I have the covid 19 virus? 
What are covid symptoms
What are effective immunity boosters?
What are the 10 best foods to boost your immune system
What are the 10 best ways to strengthen your immune system
What are the Symptom for covid19
What are the Symptome 
What are the age groups of people likely to die from COVID-19
What are the barrier gestures?
What are the best ways to protect yourself from covid-19?
What are the chances of getting the virus?
What are the confirmed symptoms of COVID19
What are the coronavirus symptoms?
What are the criteria that will allow you to lift the state of health emergency and the containment instructions?
What are the dangers for people over 70 years old?
What are the essential services? 
What are the first symptoms 
What are the first symptoms of Coronavirus?
What are the first symptoms to appear? 
What are the instructions for municipal employees?
What are the instructions to follow?
What are the main means of transmission?
What are the main symptoms of COVID-19?
What are the main symptoms of the disease?
What are the main synptoms?
What are the most common symptoms in COViD-19
What are the most common symptoms of COVID-19?
What are the places to treat covid-19 in Montreal?
What are the possible symptoms
What are the rates of hospitalization and the need for intensive care
What are the real mechanisms of virus transmission?
What are the real symptoms of covid-19 
What are the risks for a person between 20 and 40 years old with asthma?
What are the risks for my parents?
What are the risks that I have of spreading the covid-19 virus
What are the security measures to minimize the risk COVID-19
What are the services?
What are the side-effects of hydroxychloroquine for treating COVID-19?
What are the signs / symptoms and risk factors for COVID-19
What are the statistics from Quebec?  
What are the symptoms
What are the symptoms 
What are the symptoms associated with covid-19? 
What are the symptoms for COVID-19?
What are the symptoms for corona virus?
What are the symptoms of COVID-19
What are the symptoms of COVID-19?
What are the symptoms of Coronavirus?
What are the symptoms of Covid-19
What are the symptoms of Covid-19?
What are the symptoms of SARS-COV-2
What are the symptoms of a person infected with a coronavirus
What are the symptoms of corona virus
What are the symptoms of corona virus?
What are the symptoms of coronavirus
What are the symptoms of coronavirus?
What are the symptoms of covid 
What are the symptoms of covid 19?
What are the symptoms of covid-19
What are the symptoms of covid-19?
What are the symptoms of covid19
What are the symptoms of covid19?
What are the symptoms of covid? 
What are the symptoms of the Corina virus? 
What are the symptoms of the disease?
What are the symptoms of vivid 19?
What are the symptoms?
What are the symptoms? Is vomiting one of them?
What are the systematic symptoms? 
What are the treatments of COVID-19?
What are the treatments?
What are you symtoms of covid? 
What can I do to help?
What can I do to keep my immune system strong
What can I do to prepare myself if a member of the household becomes ill?
What can I do to prevent myself from getting COVID-19?
What can I do to protect myself and others from COVID-19
What can i do to protect myself from corona
What can i do when social distancing
What can we do to protect ourselves from COVID-19?
What can you do?
What can you use to disinfect surfaces?
What do I do if I suspect I'm infected?
What do I do if someone with COVID-19 spotted?
What do I do to pay my rent if I can't work? 
What do I have to expect after the disease?
What do we do about the mask shortage
What does Corona and Covid mean?
What does assynptomatic mean 
What does it really mean to isolate yourself or self quarantine What should I do or not do
What drugs can I take to reduce the risk of contracting it? 
What if I cough?
What if I have a cough and I have a fever?
What if I have cough?
What if i got fever
What is
What is COVID-19
What is COVID-19 exactly?
What is COVID-19's definition?
What is COVID-19?
What is Covid 19
What is Covid-19 virus?)
What is Covid-19?
What is Covid19
What is SARS-CoV-2 What is COVID-19
What is a coronavirus
What is a coronavirus?
What is a virus?
What is an Asymptomatic Carrier?
What is auto isolation?
What is corona
What is corona virus and COVID19
What is corona virus?
What is coronavirus?
What is covid
What is covid 29
What is covid-19
What is covid?
What is most usual symptom of Covid-19 
What is self-isolation?
What is social distancing
What is social distancing and why is it important
What is the actual size of the Coved-19? comparative...
What is the advice surrounding outdoor exercise / sport?
What is the age most sensitive to covid-19?
What is the average duration of symptoms?
What is the best strategy to protect yourself from the coronavirus?
What is the best way to curate information about COVID-19?
What is the case fatality rate?
What is the contagion period?
What is the covid-19 symptoms? 
What is the covid?
What is the current situation of COVID-19 infections?
What is the danger for a newborn baby?
What is the death rate in South Carolina?
What is the death rate of covid-19?
What is the delay before the appearance of the first symptoms
What is the difference between a pandemic and an epidemic?
What is the difference between isolation and containment?
What is the estimated population that will be infected by the covid-19 virus?
What is the evolution of the virus in Montreal?
What is the half-life of coronavirus?
What is the incubation period?
What is the incubation period? 
What is the incubation time of covid-19 by age
What is the incubation time of the virus
What is the level of contagion of the virus presently in Quebec?
What is the main mode of transmission of COVID-19?
What is the main symptoms of the disease related to new coronavirus
What is the meaning of COVID-19?
What is the minimum distance that must be kept between two people?
What is the mortality rate for Covid?
What is the mortality rate for those aged 50 and under?
What is the mortality rate?
What is the multiplication coefficient of the virus on an experimental slide in the laboratory? Example 1x10 / 24 hours, logarithmic scale, ...
What is the nearest hospital to go to if I have a COVID-19?
What is the number of cases in Quebec?
What is the origin of COVID-19?
What is the origin of the pandemic?
What is the probability of dying?
What is the progress of the development of the vaccine?
What is the propagation time
What is the risk for an asthmatic?
What is the risk of dying from COVID-19?
What is the source of the disease?
What is the survival rate of COVID-19?
What is the total number of deaths 
What is the type of structure of Covid-19
What is the% of the population affected by each country in the world?
What is the% of the population affected by each province in Canada?
What is the% of the population affected by each province in Quebec?
What is virus?
What is your name?
What kind of medication can I take if I have the virus?
What medication is recommended if I contract covid-19?
What medications can I take to treat my virus pain?
What more cancer patients need to know about coronavirus
What products should I use to remove COVID from surfaces?
What risks do I run when going outside?
What should I do if I am infected 
What should I do if I don't feel any symptoms?
What should I do if I have fever?
What should I do if I have symptoms
What should I do if I have symptoms of COVID-19?
What should I do if I have symptoms?
What should I do if I start feeling sick with similar symptoms as in covid19?
What should I do if I think I or my child is infected with COVID-19
What should I do?
What should I eat or drink to avoid or to battle COVID-19?
What should I use to disinfect grocery bags and grocery items? 
What should i do if i am short of breath?
What should i know about effective hand washing to protect against corona
What should we store?
What should you do if you dont have water and soap and sanitizer?
What to do if I cough
What to do if I have signs?
What to do if I have symptoms?
What to do if i am infected?
What to do if we suspect a patient has COVID-19 Should we notify the local or national health department
What to do in case of negative test
What to do when i gave cough
What to do when you have doubts about your health
What to take to relieve our symptoms?
What treatments are available to treat coronaviruses
What type of drugs may I take if I have covid19?
What types of drugs and health products should I have on hand for an extended stay at home
What types of experimental treatment could help reduce the inflammation caused by COVID-19?
What will be th impact on international students?
What will happen to my job?
What would be the impact of a medication that cures Covid symptoms more quickly?
What's COVID-19?
What's corona virus?
What's covid19
What's covid19?
What's covid19? 
What's going to happen in May?
What's happen for country near the Ecuador with a lot of hot? 
What's the current count in India
What's the death rate for healthy US 37 year old males?
What's the difference between COVID-19 and CoronaVirus?
What's the point of asking you questions if you don't have answers
Whatbare the symptoms
Whats corona
When can I end my self-isolation or self-quarantine
When can we travel abroad again?
When do I expect to hear back from you? 
When do symptoms like short breath shows up
When is it going to be finished?
When is the peak expected in the USA?
When moving, what precautions should we take?
When should I get tested? 
When should I go see my doctor?
When should I go to the ER?
When should I go to the hospital 
When should I go to the hospital?
When should I put on a mask? 
When should I visit a doctor?
When should we be worried? 
When should we call 15?
When should you consult?
When we receive a delivery of groceries, what should we do to disinfect the meat packaging?
When will Canada be on quarantine?
When will be done?
When will covid end?
When will covid end? 
When will it be ok to go outside?
When will it end?
When will it end? 
When will primary schools start?
When will the borders open again and when will we be able to start traveling safely?
When will the drug for CoViD 19 be ready? 
When will the municipalities post heat maps to identify hot spots for Covid positive residents?
When will the pandemic end?
When will the pandemic end? 
When will the schools reopen?
When will the schools start again?
When will the situation be under control?
When would we be confined?
Where are the cases of covid19 treated?
Where are the testing centers located in Mtl?
Where can I find current and credible information on COVID-19
Where can I find more information on known coronaviruses
Where can I find most up to date numbers on cases and deaths?
Where can I get tested?
Where can I go to be tested?
Where can I volunteer to help people in isolation in need?
Where did COVID-19 come from?
Where do coronaviruses come from
Where do we get the test for COVID-19?
Where does the name COVID-19 come from?
Where is my nearest screening center? 
Where is the nearest hospital?
Where should I be tested?
Where should I go?
Where to call for help getting my products delivered?
Where to get tested?
Which viruses have a reproduction number similar to that of covid-19
Who are the people most at risk?
Who are you
Who can I make the difference between a cold and covid19?
Who is at risk?
Who is more at risk for covid-19?
Who is more at risk of dying from the virus? 
Who is most at risk? 
Who should I call to get help?
Who should be tested for the covid?
Why Covid 19?
Why Germany has a low death rate?
Why I can't telecommute in the health field 
Why are death rates so different across countries?
Why are there more people who leave the hospital in hearses than in taxis according to your statistics? 
Why are we talking about a social distance of 2 meters 
Why close national parks if you have to walk outside? 
Why corona is so dangerous 
Why didn't you answer my first question?
Why do I have to isolate myself?
Why do we have to stay in confinement?
Why is Covid-19 so contagious?
Why is Trudeau asleep?
Why is called COVID-19
Why is it called Corona virus?
Why name it Corona?
Why should I avoid contact with other people?
Wich are Covid-19 synthoms?
Will Covid19 go away like the 1918 influenza and SARS did
Will Covid19 mutate to a different more virulent strain
Will I be able to travel soon
Will I be fined if I leave my home?
Will I die if I get covid 19?
Will I die if I have COVID-19?
Will NHS workers be even more isolated because they are exposed to the virus on a daily basis?
Will a vaccine against covid-19 be mandatory? 
Will health insurance be valid outside the province?
Will herd immunity be the only means of eradicating COVID-19?
Will my surgery be canceled?
Will people on LTD (Long Term Disability) drill receive their payments?
Will spring reduce transmission?
Will suicide rates go up?
Will the Olympic stadium be used to treat COVID19?
Will the pandemic affect university research?
Will the school closings last longer? 
Will the situation get worse in Quebec?
Will the substitutes be entitled to financial assistance?
Will the suspension of school networks delay my entry to the University? 
Will there be any changes in PGWP?
Will there be walk-in screening tests in Lanaudière?
Will we really be able to revive as before the pandemic?
With online orders, we receive packages. Do these packages represent a risk of contagion?
Y'a-t'il
You don't answer the question?
a have a fever
age wise statistics for covid-19
am I allowed to go play in the park?
am I at risk 
am I at risk of losing my job
am i gonna die?
are hospital bed saturated in province of quebec
are my birds likely to catch covid-19
are outdoor walks considered safe?
are you a doctor?
can I go outside
can I go shopping at the SAQ?
can I send covid-21 to someone if I come back from a trip?
can we catch the Covid-19 more than once?
corona
could we have done better?
covid symptoms
covid-19
covid19 symptoms?
do I have the right to go out shopping?
does wearing mask protect me from covid 19?
exists cura para virus em geral?
grated penis
hello
how I cure korona verus
how are you
how can I help to prevent spread of corona virus
how can I prevent myself from getting sick?
how can I prevent to get infected?
how can I report a bar that remains open despite the ban?
how can one fight the virus 
how does it get transmited
how i can test if i have the diease?
how is covid 19 spread?
how is covid-19 treated?
how is going
how long could the covid last?
how long does it take before you have symptoms?
how long does the virus survive on surfaces?
how long the covid can stay on a surface
how long will it last
how long will the pandemic last
how many cases in quebec
how many death in italy?
how many deaths are in Italy as of March 21
how many new cases
how many people die for cover?
how many people died in canada?
how many people died so far?
how many people died?
how many people have died
how many people have died in the US?
how many people have recovered from coronavirus in Quebec since the start of the pandemic?
how many people in America?
how many people positive with Covid-19 in the world?
how many people tested?
how much fever should i tolerate before going to the doctor? 
how old are you?
how painful will it be if I got the virus?
how to disinfect the grocery store?
how to get an appointment
how to get info for screening
how to interact with people
how to make an appointment
how to prepare for spread of covid 19?
how to prevent?
how to protect from Covid19
how will unsubsidized family daycare be paid?
i am feeling lonely
i cough is what i got the corona virus
if I do atchum is it serious?
if i have symptoms should i go to the ER or should I call a doctor?
if someone had pneumonia before, are they more at risk?
im sneezing, should i be worried?
is covid-19 dangerous
is diarrhea a symptom of covid-19?
is fever a symptom of coronavirus? 
is it dangerous to travel
is migraines a symptom?
is the grocery open?
is there a way to help?
is vomiting one of the symptoms?
mental health
or go for a test
risk of dying? 
should I go to the emergency room if I have symptoms of colds and fever?
should I wear a mask?
should I worry about covid 19?
should you avoid taking ibuprofen?
symptoms
symptoms of covid-19
systomps
temperature covid-19
test
test for covid 19
testt
the dangerous covid 19
treatment for covid 19
was the virus created by humans
what are corona virus symptoms?
what are cov19 symptoms
what are covid 19 symptoms?
what are covid symptoms
what are covid-19 symptoms?
what are the 3 symptoms of covid-19
what are the main symptoms
what are the main symptoms of coronavirus
what are the major symptoms?
what are the options to disinfect hand or surfaces other than soap and alcohol
what are the risks for someone aged 65?
what are the symptoms
what are the symptoms of COVID-19?
what are the symptoms of coronavirus
what are the symptoms of covid-19 by day of infection?
what are the symptoms of covid-19?
what are the symptoms?
what are the symtoms
what has caused it
what is canada quarantine policy?
what is coronavirus
what is cover?
what is covid
what is covid 19
what is covid-19
what is covid-19?
what is covid-19? What is covid-19?
what is going to happen to us?
what is my age
what is pandemic
what is self isolation?
what is self monitoring?
what is social distancing?
what is the age range of the deceased?
what is the covıd-19's symptoms?
what is the death rate of the new corona virus
what is virus?
what should I do if I work and I am sick
what the corona verus
what the name of the virus
what to do when symptoms occur?
what treatments are available for covid-19?
what's is COVID-19?
when covid 19 is going to stop?
when will germany reach the peak?
when will it get over
when will the pandemic end?
where can I get tested
where can I test for covid
where did it start
where did the contagious woman arrested in limoilou walk?
who do i call
who needs to be isolated?
why do I have to be in confinement
why do I have to stay dear to us
will I die
will the virus continue to spread for a long time?
How do I clean my cell phone?
How do I clean my mobile phone?
Can a person relapse with COVID-19 disease?
Is the Covid 19 deadly?
